<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <style>


            .navMenu{
                margin: 0;
                padding : 0;
            }

            .navMenu ul{
                margin: 0;
                padding : 0;
                line-height : 20px;
            }
            .navMenu li{
                margin: 0;
                padding : 0;
                list-style : none;
                float : left;
                position : relative;
                background-color :#1E5225;
            }

            .navMenu ul li a{

                color: #000000;
                display: block;
                font-family: Verdana;
                font-size: 14px;
                font-weight: normal;
                height: 30px;
                padding: 10px;
                text-decoration: none;
            }

            .navMenu ul ul{
                position : absolute;
                visibility : hidden;
                top : 41px;
            }

            .navMenu ul ul li{
                background-color :#5BB53B;
                text-align:left;
                width: 260px;    
            }


            .navMenu ul ul li:hover{
                background-color :#000000;  
            }

            .navMenu ul li:hover ul{
                visibility : visible;

            }  

            .navMenu li:hover{
                background-color : #ffffff;
                color: #000000;

            }


        </style>

    </h:head>
    <h:body>

        <ui:include src="headerPage.xhtml"/> 




        <div style="width: 1088px; height:1210px; margin: 0 auto; background: #E1DDD9;"> 



            <div style="margin-top:13px;width: 770px;height: 1100px;float: left; background-color: #E1DDD9;">
                <div style="width:760px; height:40px; margin: 0 auto; background: #E1DDD9; padding-top:10px ">  

                    <span style="font-family: fantasy; font-size: 20px;">  Deapartment : Accounting</span>
                </div>
                <div style=" margin-top:13px; width: 762px; height: 1080px;">
                    <div style=" width: 750px; height: 1070px; margin: 0 auto; background: #E1DDD9; margin-top: -13px;">
                        <div style="  width:750px; height:55px; border: 1px solid #ffffff; border-radius: 4px 4px 0px; background: #1E5225; color: #ffffff;
                             font-family:fantasy;
                             padding-left:20px;
                             padding-top:12px;
                             margin: 0 auto;">

                            <div class="wraper">
                                <div class="navMenu">
                                    <ul>
                                        <li>
                                            <a href="#"  style="background: #ffffff;">DESCRIPTION</a>
                                        </li>
                                    </ul>
                                    <ul>
                                        <li>
                                            <a href="Teacher_Info.xhtml">TEACHER</a>	
                                        </li>
                                    </ul>
                                    <ul>
                                        <li>
                                            <a href="stdent_info.xhtml">STUDENT</a>

                                        </li>
                                    </ul>
                                    <ul>
                                        <li> 
                                            <a href="admission.xhtml">ADMISSION</a>

                                        </li>
                                    </ul>
                                    <ul>
                                        <li> 
                                            <a href="">SEMINAR</a>

                                        </li>
                                    </ul>

                                    <ul>
                                        <li>
                                            <a href="">RESULT</a>
                                        </li>
                                    </ul>  
                                </div>
                            </div>


                        </div>
                        <div style=" width:770px;
                             height:1050px;
                             padding-left:0;
                             background:#ffffff;
                             border-radius: 0px 0px 4px;
                             border:  1px solid #ffffff;
                             margin: 0 auto;
                             margin-bottom:20px;">
                            <!--        <p:panel style="background-image: url(../resources/demo/images/h3.PNG); background-repeat: repeat-x; width: 74%; height: 320px; margin-left:180px;">-->


                            <!-- pmenu bae-->
                            <div style="padding-left:10px;">

                            <p>


                                Accounting is as old as money itself. The modern system of Accounting is based 
                                on the principles of double entry system owes its origin to Luca Pacioli who 
                                published in 1494 that is every debit has its own correspondent credit. It is 
                                called the language of business. It is known to exist in pre-historic days and 
                                ancient civilization. Now a days accounting is an information system that 
                                identifies records and communicates the economic events of an organization to 
                                interested internal and external users. In Bangladesh accounting is playing a
                                vital role for ascertaining financial position of an organization, results of
                                operations, cost control and as a profession.</p>

                                <p> Department of Accounting, Dhaka College is one of the largest and well
                                reputed departments of this college and in Bangladesh. This department 
                                is playing a vital role for achieving good result for commerce oriented 
                                students. Dhaka College launched the subject accounting in 1972 with a 
                                view to creating skilled private accountant and public accountant. After
                                liberation former principal of Dhaka College, Prof. AMM Azhar took 
                                initiative to reorganize and open two separate departments namely
                                Accounting and Management.</p>

                                <p> Professor Nazir Uddin Ahmed, Professor Gazi Ahmed, Professor Latifur Rahman,
                                Professor Ali Azom, Professor Kazi Abul Hossain, Professor S.M Shahjahan,
                                Professor Mohsinur Rahman, Professor Md Mahfuzur Rahman and other renowned 
                                educationists strongly assisted to open this department. As a result of the
                                sincere effort of these personalities, the authority of the University of
                                Dhaka permitted Dhaka College to launch the Honours Courses in Accounting 
                                and Management in the session 1972-1973.</p>

                                <p>  Though the Honors Course in Accounting started in 1972-1973, the courses
                                of both departments were conducted under the guidance and control of Business
                                faculty, the University of Dhaka. The teachers of the both departments jointly
                                conducted all the classes. Professor Nazir Uddin Ahmed was the 1st Chairman
                                of this Department. A group of renowned teachers like Prof. Nazir Uddin Ahmed,
                                Prof. Md. Ali Azam, Prof. Kazi Abul Hossain, Prof. Mohsinur Rahman Khan, Prof
                                Md. Mahfuzur Rahan, Prof. S.M. Sakim Uddin, Prof. Md. Emdadul Haque, Prof. Abdul
                                Mottalib, Prof. Anil Chandra Saha, Prof. Dr. Md. Ashraf Ali Khan had been 
                                serving here for quite a long time and developed this department with their 
                                highest efforts and efficiency. For their sincere attempt, merit and skillful
                                handling this department has come out as the renowned department of the college
                                within a very short period of time. At present the Head of the Department is 
                                Professor Tuhin Afroza Alam. The department is running very well under her 
                                effective leadership and guidance.</p>

                                <p> The Department of Accounting is unique because it possesses a rich Computer
                                Lab which was established in 1998 by Prof. Md. Mahfuzur Rahman and inaugurated
                                by Prof. Naiyer Sultana former Director General of Secondary and higher 
                                Secondary Education, Bangladesh. It was the first Computer Lab at Dhaka 
                                College. The Lab was conducted by Engr. Mohammed Iqbal Hossain, B.Sc and 
                                M.Sc in Computer Engineering, Former USSR. The Computer Lab was run by the 
                                effective supervision of renowned personalities like Prof. Anil Chandra Saha,
                                Mr. Masume Rabbani Khan and Mr. I.K. Selim Ullah Khondoker. Further the Lab
                                has been reorganized and modernized by Professor Tuhin Afroza Alam, Present 
                                Chairman of the Department with kind co-operation of Dr. Siraj Uddin Ahmed, 
                                Principal, Dhaka College and Dr. Ashraf Ali Khan, Vice- Principal, Dhaka College,
                                Dhaka, Bangladesh. At present The Lab is being supervised by a group of
                                renowned teachers like I.K. Selim Ullah Khondoker, Associate Professor,
                                Shankar Chandra Saha, Associate Professor and S.M. Mahabubul Islam, Assistant
                                Professor. A large number of students of this department have enriched their
                                career by taking effective IT training from this Computer Lab. Nowadays,
                                Computer in Business Course is included for BBS (Hon’s) curriculum as 
                                Compulsory paper under National University. For these reasons Lab will be 
                                very much handy for BBS (Hon’s) students to achieve the good result and to 
                                build their career.</p>

                                <p>  From academic point of view The Department of Accounting is the richest
                                department in Dhaka College. Highest number of students are obtaining First
                                classes and they have placed topped the merit list in National University for a 
                                couple of years.</p>

                                <p>This very Department is not lacking behind in context of co-curriculum and
                                extra- curriculum activities like Inter Departmental Football Competition,
                                Debate Competition, Fresher Reception, Cultural Programs and So on. All these 
                                programs are supervising by Mustary Begum, Associate Professor, Jesmin Ara, Assistant
                                Professor and Sharmin Nahar Khan, Lecturer</p>
                          

                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div> 
            <ui:include src="rightMenubarpage.xhtml"/> 
        </div>
        <ui:include src="footerPage.xhtml"/>


    </h:body>
</html>

